hi so my job here is to scour the movies
you may have never even heard of and
break them down for you I a little
special with this one right here I'm
saying it right up front and this is
definitely a rental if you got to watch
it over and over and over again to pick
up a bunch of little things but to me
even though it's a limited release try
to find this bad boy in the theaters
because I think it's a combo price if
you like movies like the ritual
coherence or just like going crazy after
seeing a time-travel cult movie then
this bad boys for you
let me explain so I have previously seen
the co-directors last movie spring which
I even gonna spoil that's another
recommendation definitely go watch that
but these guys not only directed and
wrote the movie together
but these homies are like yo Justin you
want to play Justin yeah Aaron you wanna
play Aaron and boom indie magic as they
start in their own movie they actually
play brothers in the film who were
raised out in this camp in the middle of
Southern California after the mama died
in a car accident they eventually leave
when they're older since Justin believes
that this whole place is a cult and he
just wants to be free and after years of
being out in the real world they get a
mysterious video from one of the camp
members and they decided to that Jack
Shepard it and go back and I mean your
life's got to be really jacked up if
you're willing to go back to what you
consider to be a death cult now when
they get there everyone's chilling right
everyone looks young they're pretty
attractive they actually brew and
distribute their own beer everyone's
eating healthy place don't even look bad
at all but here's the thing this movies
all about time loops and fragmenting
memories like there's no way to
narrative Lee tell you how it's all
happening but there are some crazy
things that happened from my perspective
so let me break that down pretty much
the area around this place is like the
Bermuda Triangle but in the desert it's
all marked around by these volcanic
looking totem poles and different people
throughout time are stuck in different
time loops that can go from like 10 days
in a specific area to 10 hours to
freakin 10 seconds and not only do
things get trippy but this cults kind of
worships whatever it is that's causing
all of this I mean the fact that the
movie starts with this quote right here
should let you know that it's definitely
focusing on the message of this place I
do think if you listen to the directors
they have details for everything that's
going on and everything is mapped out so
it all you know goes together but it's
built up to be different interpretations
back to me there's even a
scene where you see the deity in the
water and to me it looks like a
Rorschach test so you know connect that
with what you will for me the metaphor
was all about cycles to me this deity
has taken different forms for different
people just like gods take different
forms for different people but this
thing has been around for a while
getting snapshots of people and sending
it to them to see if they get the
message and break out of the cycle that
they need to overcome for the brothers
it's all about forgiving each other and
not being stuck to their old ways of
unhappiness in order to literally break
out of this place but also to fix a
relationship there's a wife who's
missing her husband which to me
signifies another lost relationship a
hillbilly with a crappy loops and he's
clearly never learning his lesson and
two dudes who actually appeared in the
first movie that these directors
directed and they're playing the same
character stuck in the same place I went
back and actually watched it since it's
again the same characters two dudes who
are in a secluded house trying to get
the other to quit cold-turkey
and to me that movie was like a horror
movie about horror movies that kind of
got very meta with that message that
it's them being watched over and over
again and seeing what route of horror
they're going to take literally there's
lens flares and stuff that appear within
the movie but to see them again here is
kind of cool because it shows that they
also have a reason to be stuck in a loop
a loop that they can't escape just like
the friends addiction doesn't stop an
addiction that doesn't just hurt him but
drags those around him down a
destructive cycle that happens over and
over again but what's interesting about
it is how some people actually like the
cycle like the call who's living in
peace with their beer out of in the
middle of nowhere as weird as they are
especially because during a time loop
and they don't age they're also kind of
there to guide people right like if they
are supposed to be a cult or a church of
some kind they're there to guide the
people who don't exactly know what
they're doing right like the brothers
and helping them find their peace but it
does bring up an interesting question by
the end of the movie whether you would
decide to stay in a peaceful simplistic
never-changing loop or risk endless
possibilities in the real world but also
failure you can't really stop time so
for a lot of people this stuff just
passes by and you lose it you waste it
but if you could live time in a loop if
you were able to be
Mortal would you do it or would you risk
the unknown that is life I mean
obviously I gotta go with life cuz that
was stuck in a loop I would have never
found this new movie thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm curious to
know your thoughts your theories on the
movie I definitely wanna see them expand
on this especially since you know they
connected it with their first movie
which again resolutions highly recommend
seeing both of these two together
back-to-back definitely amps up the
story and I'm very curious to see all
the other details that they have at the
back end I always say they want to make
a TV series for this bad boy definitely
would love to see this as a TV series I
think it would work way better as a TV
series I have some issues with it
the CGI looks crazy like it's not that
good but that also adds to like the
weirdness of it can you imagine if you
walked outside and you saw bad CGI up in
the sky it would like to fire your mind
because it looks fake yet it's obviously
real in front of you at the same time
here's this I would work as a TV show
curious to know your theories down below
in the comments section and anything
else so don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll help you break out of
your loop